MOLT Oracle documentation; refactor MOLT tutorials (#19918)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/molt/migration-overview.md

### Migrations with minimal downtime

To minimize downtime during migration, MOLT Fetch supports replication streams that sync ongoing changes from the source database to CockroachDB. Instead of performing the entire data load during a planned downtime window, you can perform an initial load followed by continuous replication. Writes are only briefly paused to allow replication to drain before final cutover. The length of the pause depends on the volume of write traffic and the amount of replication lag between the source and CockroachDB.

- Use `data-load-and-replication` mode to perform both steps in one task. Refer to [Load and Replicate]({% link molt/migrate-data-load-and-replication.md %}).
- Use `data-load` followed by `replication-only` to perform the steps separately. Refer to [Load and Replicate Separately]({% link molt/migrate-data-load-replicate-only.md %}).

### Recovery and rollback strategies

If the migration is interrupted or you need to abort cutover, MOLT Fetch supports safe recovery flows:

- Use `replication-only` to resume a previously interrupted replication stream. Refer to [Resume Replication]({% link molt/migrate-replicate-only.md %}).

> - Use `failback` to reverse the migration, syncing changes from CockroachDB back to the original source. This ensures data consistency on the source so that you can retry later. Refer to [Migration Failback]({% link molt/migrate-failback.md %}).

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
- Use `failback` to reverse the migration, synchronizing changes from CockroachDB back to the original source. This ensures data consistency on the source so you can retry the migration later. Refer to [Migration Failback]({% link molt/migrate-failback.md %}).
```
